Isn't this exciting?
It's just a weekend, mother.
Dad, it's your first romantic
weekend away with Beckett.
It's a big deal.
Okay, well, no pressure, and
let's just hope it happens.
4:30 now. If she doesn't
catch a murder by 5:00,
we are in the clear.
So what do you have planned?
- I...what do you mean?
- You don't have a plan?
- The plan is to do nothing, to relax.
- Richard...
That's not a plan.
Women don't like it when
men don't have a plan.
Hey, I'm in college now.
I'm living in the world.
Plus, I read a lot of magazines.
Not planning is really bad.
- Okay...
- She's right.
A man says, "So what are
we gonna do for dinner?"
Pfft. He's dead to me.
Okay.
I will make reservations.
Somewhere romantic.
- Right.
- And classy,
because Kate Beckett is a
classy kind of gal, you know?
Right.
Under the stars would be nice.
Oh, and you know what else
you can do under the stars...
Okay. La la la la la la la...
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
T-minus one minute and counting.
Castle, what are you doing here?
You were supposed to
wait around the corner
so that nobody'd see us.
I know, but I thought
it would be fun
to be here with you when
the clock strikes 5:00.
You know, just like
New Year's Eve,
except without the kissing
for obvious reasons.
But there will be plenty
of that this weekend.
Can you just shush?
No one is going to hear me.
Look around you.
You are in a room
full of detectives...
And not one of them has a clue.
Wow, Castle.
Thank you for reminding
me that I'm lying
to a bunch of people
that I really care about
so I don't get fired
on an ethics violation
'cause I'm dating you.
Well, you can put all that
out of your mind in three...
two... one.
No murder.
There. Wasn't that fun?
Okay, fine. I will go.
And no will even know I was...
Hey, Castle.
What you doing here, bro?
I was just on my way
to the Hamptons
to write for the weekend,
and...and I thought I'd drop by,
see if we caught a murder.
Wow. Anything to
avoid writing, huh?
- Exactly.
- Hey, did you hear about Beckett's weekend?
No. Big plans?
She's going away
with her boyfriend.
A boyfriend?
Beckett! Really?
Who is the lucky guy?
For some reason,
she's not telling.
Okay, seriously, guys?
Actually, I for one am offended
that you're not sharing with us.
- Mm-hmm.
- After all we've been through.
Yeah, I think we deserve better.
You know, I have a
couple of ideas
about what you guys deserve.
Come on, Beckett.
Just give us something.
Is he handsome?
Yeah, i-is he handsome?
Or is he more of a badass?
Yeah, is that it, Beckett?
Is he, like, a bad boy?
James Dean, huh?
Is he a desperado?
I'm gonna...
Let me holla at you.
Why would Beckett be
holding out on us?
Maybe there's something
wrong with the guy.
Maybe he's bad news.
Well, then as her partners,
it's our obligation to
find out who this guy is.
And what kind of partners
would we be if we didn't?
Her safety could be at stake.
Exactly, and with no active
murder case going on,
I say we use this
time to find him.
And here we are.
Oh, my goodness, Castle.
Wow.
So, um...
are you rich or something?
Well, I'm not James
Patterson rich,
but I do okay.
- Come on. I'll show you around.
- Yeah.
After I finished
remodeling the kitchen,
I swore I was done, but
then my designer called.
She said I had to tie
in the living room,
so I did that, too.
That led to the second floor,
and then the basement.
I had to stop taking her calls
or I'd have another wing.
You coming?
Yeah.
This is actually
my favorite part.
The sound of the ocean,
complete privacy...
oh, the serenity.
The pool is right down here.
Most people find it magical.
Everything okay?
Yeah. It's, um...
it's spectacular, Castle.
And is that a problem?
It's just, I can't
help wondering
how many...
other girls have gotten this tour.
Right.
Well, I'm not gonna deny
that I've brought
other women up here.
But, um...
None of them were you.
You want to, um, go and
check out that pool?
Yeah?
I'm sure you will find the
temperature suitable...
- Mm-hmm.
- But if you would like it any warmer,
I can change the temperature
or I could just...
stop talking.
You forgot your suit.
I know.
Oh!
What?
Somebody's coming.
Oh.
Call 9-1-1.
Ya think?
Sync by YYeTs | Corrections by Alex1969
www.addic7ed.com
Yeah, he came stumbling
up from the beach,
uh, just after 10:15.
Uh, collapsed into the pool.
I tried to revive him, but...
Were you here as well, ma'am?
Yeah.
Name, please.
Um, Katherine Beckett,
but do you think we could keep
that out of the public record?
Of course.
Not that we're doing anything wrong.
I j...
Right.
What's that supposed to mean?
Don't worry. It's the Hamptons.
We'll be discreet.
We're...we're not interested
in your arrangement.
- Arrangement?
- Chief, Chief,
uh, I'm...I'm not... I
don't...she's not a...
I'm not a prostitute.
Oh, I'm sure.
So is there anything
you'd like to add
to Mr. Castle's statement,
madam...ma'am?
Yes.
Only that we didn't
hear any gunshots,
so that probably means that
the killer used a silencer.
Watch a lot of cop shows, do we?
Uh, do we know who
the victim is yet?
Uh, Randall Franklin.
He's a weekender, out
here from Manhattan.
All we know is that he was
at a party up the beach
at Douglas Shapiro's house
earlier this evening.
Hey, Chief!
We got him.
Excuse me.
Name's Casius McMurray.
Local meth user.
Found him asleep
in the tall grass
couple hundred yards to the east
with the victim's wallet.
Guy's out of it, high as a kite.
That's unbelievable.
What's that?
Meth. These rich kids, they're
into everything these days.
Drug arrests have doubled
in the last six months.
Okay. Well...
thanks for your help.
Uh, what about blood spatter?
Did you find any on the
beach or on the suspect?
No. But w-why would I even look?
I mean, we got the guy.
Yeah, I-I'm sure we will.
He had the victim's wallet.
Right.
Y-you know, he could've found
that wallet on the beach.
Are you questioning my judgment,
Mr. Castle?
I...
- Think we got the guy.
- Right.
- Good night.
All right.
Come on. Let's go.
Move.
What kind of cold-blooded killer
takes a nap on the beach
after shooting someone?
Castle, I'm on vacation.
If I wanted to
investigate a murder,
I would've stayed in the city.
The guy died in my backyard.
It's not our case.
Still, you have to admit, as
cases go, it's pretty weak.
It's still not our case, and if
you keep obsessing over this,
it's gonna ruin the weekend.
So what do we do?
Maybe we just try putting
it out of our minds, hmm?
Yeah, but what about the gun?
They would've found
the gun on him.
Castle, that's not putting
it out of your mind.
- You're right. I'm sorry. I'm obsessing.
- Yeah.
- I won't obsess.
- Okay.
Except you said it yourself
about not hearing the shots.
What kind of meth head
who obviously doesn't
know what planet he's on
carries a gun with a silencer?
Which, by the way,
indicates premeditation.
We're not gonna get
on with our weekend
until you've gotten
some answers, are we?
I'll get the coffee.
All right, thank you, Dougie.
And I'm sorry I
missed the party.
I heard it was killer.
Yeah, sorry. Gotcha.
Okay, last time Shapiro
saw Franklin alive
was at his party at 8:15.
That's two hours
before he was killed.
Right. He was on the beach
having an argument with a
woman in a white dress,
but because it was already dark,
Shapiro couldn't
tell who it was.
He knew it wasn't
Franklin's wife,
because she was still
back in the city.
Any luck finding a reason
why someone would
want Franklin dead?
As a matter of fact, he was a
banker at Lehman Brothers...
and he was involved in an
insider trading scandal
before they went belly up.
He cut a deal for his
freedom by testifying
against his colleagues.
Rachel Rosenberg, Jeff Forshim,
Emily Monroe, Angela
Colabro, and Aaron Lerner.
Well, they all did time,
but now that they're out,
any one of 'em could
have wanted revenge.
And three of them could've
been our mystery woman.
We need to talk to
Franklin's wife,
find out if he had any enemies.
No.
We just got here.
I am not going back to the city.
Well, fortunately,
we don't have to.
I know just who to call.
Beckett's boyfriend?
Don't you two have
something better to do?
Actually, no.
We figure Beckett must have
started up with the guy
during her suspension.
Pretty emotional time for her.
I bet she needed a
shoulder to lean on.
An ex.
It would explain why
she's too embarrassed
to tell us who it is.
It makes her look weak.
We're thinking the
most likely scenario
is that it was the last
guy that she was with.
- Dr. Joshua Davidson.
- Mm-hmm.
It's him, isn't it?
Okay, I get that you
don't have a life, Javi,
but you're married, Kevin,
so what's your excuse?
- I...
- Whoever Beckett's boyfriend is
is none of your business.
Come on, Lanie.
You must know who it is.
She went back to
Josh, didn't she?
Is this how you
interrogate people?
'Cause you ain't doing
nothing but pissing me off.
Now I don't know who it is, and
I respect Beckett's privacy,
but I do know it's not Josh
because he's been in the
Amazon setting up free clinics
for the last year.
Are you sure about that?
- I think she's sure.
- Yeah.
Hey, Castle.
Yeah, I'm gonna put
you on speakerphone
so you can weigh in on this.
Weigh in on what?
Well, we're in the
morgue with Lanie
trying to figure out who
Beckett's boyfriend is.
I have nothing
to do with this nonsense.
Yeah, until you're
bagging their mangled bodies
when Beckett finds out.
Pfft.
Like we're afraid of Beckett.
Besides, how's she
gonna find out?
Anyway, I need your guys' help.
There has been a homicide
out here in the Hamptons
in my backyard.
Seriously, Castle?
What, are you in...in an episode
of "Murder, She Wrote"?
More like "Murder, He Wrote,"
but unfortunately,
unlike Jessica Fletcher,
the local police chief...
not a friend of mine,
and I think he may have
the wrong guy, so...
I need you guys to question the
victim's wife in the city,
find out what she knows.
- Mm.
- That's a pretty big favor to ask, Castle.
We're gonna need
something in return.
- The Ferrari.
- For a week.
Each.
Seriously? Guys.
- Mm.
- Guys.
I don't understand.
They already caught
the guy, didn't they?
I'm told he was some
kind of drug addict.
Well, with all due respect
to the Hamptons PD,
we would like to make
absolutely sure.
We know your husband
testified against several
colleagues at Lehman.
Has he been in contact
with any of 'em?
Why are you asking?
Maybe one of them came
after him for revenge.
No.
He left banking after the
crash and never looked back.
Got into commercial real estate.
That's how we managed
to stay afloat.
Mrs. Franklin,
your husband was seen arguing
with a woman on a beach
a couple of hours
before he was killed.
Do you have any idea who
it could have been?
No.
But if I were to guess,
I'd say it was his girlfriend.
Girlfriend?
He was having an affair?
With a Natalia Roosevelt.
She's a local.
The wife got wind of it, sent
him up here to break it off.
It's probably your typical
tawdry Hamptons story.
Weekender meets local beauty,
the elixir to his
stressful city life.
Whirlwind romance ensues...
but then the wife
gets wind of it,
forces him to end it,
and that's when the elixir
becomes a poison...
with a gun, only...
I'm gonna have to work
on that last part.
No, it's a great story,
but how do we prove
that it was her that he was
arguing with on the beach?
Well, the first step
is to determine
whether she was at the party.
I'll check the e-vite.
And there she is...
Natalia Roosevelt...
in the "yes" column.
And, ooh, looking every
bit the femme fatale.
Castle, she was a Hamptons
town councilwoman
and the owner of the
Hamptons Sand Bar.
That is a popular
local watering hole.
Can I buy you a drink?
There she is.
Our lady in the white dress.
Only now she's looking
dazzling in blood red.
So what's our play?
Just keep it light, Castle.
Find a natural way of
bringing up the murder.
See how she reacts.
I know just what to do.
Hey, I recognize you.
You were at Douglas
Shapiro's party last night.
Ah, who wasn't?
Right?
But I saw you on the beach.
Weren't you arguing
with Randall Franklin?
Light, Castle. I said light.
What are you implying?
Nothing, no.
Only it must be weird for you.
You had to be the last
person to see him alive.
Hey, uh, Chief.
Yeah, Natalia.
- Come here.
- Oops.
- Yeah.
- Do you know these guys?
Because they are practically
accusing me of murder.
Castle, what are you doing here?
Uh, just having a conversation.
About Franklin's murder?
Hey, you got a problem
with the way I do my job?
Uh... now I would never
use those words exactly.
Oh, well, how about these words?
You and your hooker
friend are under arrest
for interfering with my
murder investigation.
Turn around.
Ah.
Thanks for the drink.
Cheers.
I cannot believe I
let you talk me into
getting involved in another
department's murder investigation.
Oh, like I needed
to twist your arm.
And at least we know we
were right about this guy.
I mean, does he look like he has
a guilty conscience to you?
He's sleeping like
a little baby.
More like a baby chainsaw.
Castle, Beckett, Chief
Brady wants to see you.
Chief.
Hey, thanks, Jones.
Hi, guys.
You want some coffee?
It's fresh.
Yeah, thanks.
So I googled you, Ms. Beckett.
I didn't realize you were
a homicide detective.
I've never actually
worked a homicide before.
Other than drug arrests,
I deal mostly with folks
complaining about their neighbor's
dog pooping in their garden.
I've never even pulled my gun.
I'm sorry.
Uh, why are you telling us this?
Because you were right
about the meth addict.
The lab results came back
negative for gunshot residue,
which means that the
killer is still at large.
Look... I'm getting a lot
of pressure from the mayor.
Rich weekender getting murdered,
not exactly good for business.
Still not getting why
you're telling us this.
Okay.
I will drop the
interference charge
if you help out with
the investigation.
Sounds good to me.
Y...excuse me for a second.
Sounds good?
We just spent two hours of
our vacation in lockup.
Isn't that enough?
Well, do you really think
we'll be able to relax without
getting any answers?
Without... getting justice?
Fine.
As long as word doesn't get back to
my precinct that I'm doing this.
Works for me.
So what do we do next?
Did you get ballistics back?
Oh, yes. Uh...
Let's see.
Bullets pulled from the
victim were 30 caliber.
30 caliber.
Those are pretty rare, aren't they?
Yeah, that's usually used
for hunting small game.
Can I see the ME's
report on Franklin's body?
It has not come in yet.
Then I suggest you pressure
the ME to get it back.
In the meantime,
we should interrogate
Natalia Roosevelt.
Oh, I already spoke to her.
She has no motive for
killing Franklin.
And did you ask her about
being his mistress?
No.
She didn't mention that.
Yeah.
Suspects tend to hold
back on stuff like that.
Mmm.
Flavor country.
I thought you arrested
these guys, John.
Um, that's...
That's Chief Brady to you,
Ms. Roosevelt,
and shouldn't you be more
concerned about the fact that
you lied to him about your
affair with Randall Franklin?
I didn't lie to him.
Chief Brady never
asked me about it.
Didn't Randall break up with
you on the beach last night?
So what if he did?
So that gives you motive,
Ms. Roosevelt.
Look... I am not denying
that I was fighting
with Randall.
I accused him of...
using me to get my council vote.
Your vote on what?
His beloved helipad.
He put the thing in his
backyard six months ago.
But he needed a variance.
We approved it last week.
Next thing you
know, he dumps me.
Then he was shot and
killed two hours later.
Two hours later, I
was back at my bar.
Look, the last time I saw
him was on that beach.
We were still arguing
when he got a text
and he suddenly ran off.
And what time was that?
About 8:30.
Which way did he go?
Up the beach.
Okay, then.
Hey.
So I tracked down that
text that Franklin got
before leaving Ms. Roosevelt
on the beach.
Couldn't get the content,
but it was sent from
a burner phone.
Whoever sent it wished
to remain anonymous.
Maybe it was about
bad business deals.
That's what got him in trouble
with his colleagues in the past.
The past does have a funny
way of repeating itself.
Speaking of which,
I have calls into my
sources at Robbery
to try to link Beckett
to her old beau...
Detective Demming.
Demming? Come on.
Beckett could do so much better.
Uh, thank you for the update.
I gotta go.
Why are you even helping them?
Well, come on. The good news is,
they're completely
fooled about us.
Yeah, well, I don't understand
why they even care.
Ah, why do people care
about Brangelina?
Oh, so we're Brangelina now?
No. No, no. We're... Rickate.
No, we're... Kate-ick.
Mm.
Cas-kett?
Ooh, that's good 'cause of the whole
murder thing...casket.
Mm-hmm.
So Natalia Roosevelt
has a solid alibi.
Three patrons of her bar
confirmed she was there
by 9:00 last night.
Long before Franklin was shot.
I got Deputy Jones
canvassing the houses
along the beach in the direction
she said Franklin went.
Just Deputy Jones?
It's the Hamptons.
We don't have a
lot of resources.
Oh, by the way.
I know you wanted to see this.
It's the ME report.
Uh, F-Franklin's lungs
were full of saltwater.
Meaning he almost drowned.
That's strange.
And based on the condition
of the gunshot wounds,
he was in the ocean at least
20 minutes after being shot.
Okay, so...
in the ocean for 20 minutes,
no one heard the shots being...
That's why no one
heard the shots.
He was shot off a boat,
"Godfather" style.
And the saltwater slowed
down his bleeding,
giving him enough time
to make it to shore.
So what, we should
try and figure out
which boats were in the
vicinity at that time?
Yeah. So...
do we have a witness who we know
was on the beach last night?
You mean someone like...
our favorite meth addict...
McMurray?!
Seriously?
The guy was whacked out on meth.
Yeah, but that doesn't mean that
he doesn't remember what he saw.
Yeah, I saw a boat...
about 100 yards off the beach.
Okay, great.
Can you describe it?
Maybe it's size.
Nah. All I remember is,
it was being attacked.
Attacked?
Yeah, by a shark.
A red shark with red eyes.
Okay, maybe you are
right about him.
Maybe not.
Yeah, I know that boat.
It's just this way.
Owned by Aaron Lerner.
Aaron Lerner.
That's one of the guys
Franklin sent to prison.
Do you know if that boat
went out last night?
Yeah, I saw it pull
away around 9:30.
That's an hour after Franklin left
Natalia Roosevelt on the beach.
That's plenty of time
for him to get here.
If the boat left here by 9:30,
it could've easily made it to
the water off my house by 9:45.
Red shark.
Shark attack.
- Oh, watch your step.
- Ohh!
Damneded weekend boater.
Castle... blood spatter.
Franklin was shot right there.
Hey, Lerner.
Killer boat.
It's the lab report
on the blood splatter we found
on the deck, Mr. Lerner.
It's a match to
Randall Franklin.
Meaning he was
shot on your boat.
No, that's not possible.
He wasn't even on it.
How did it get there?
I have no idea.
We have a witness
who saw your boat
leaving the marina
at 9:30 last night.
Where did you go?
I didn't take it out last night.
Lerner, come on.
We know Randall Franklin
was guilty of breaking
all the same laws you broke,
but he got off scot-free
because he ratted you out.
It's understandable you'd
want a little payback.
Wait. All right. Sure.
Yeah, I held a grudge.
Who wouldn't?
But you know something?
I met him on the beach
a few months ago,
and we buried the hatchet.
I've even had dinner at
his house a couple times.
And exactly where were you
between 8:30 and 10:00 last night?
Group.
W...a weight-loss group at the rec.
What?
Look, you want to catch the
guy who actually killed him,
check out his neighbor.
I'm sorry. His neighbor?
Oh, yeah.
This guy's a scary bastard.
I'm having dinner at
Franklin's a week ago, right?
Neighbor comes over, starts
banging on the front door.
Franklin wouldn't tell
me what it was about,
but this guy was threatening him
with all kinds of violence.
Okay, thanks.
Well...
Lerner's alibi checks out.
He was at the weight-loss group
from 8:30 to 10:00 last night.
Meaning someone else
took out his boat,
killed Franklin,
and then brought it back
without Lerner... learning.
I'll have Jones
canvass the marina.
Meantime, do we know
who this neighbor is?
Yeah.
It's just a property dispute.
They're a dime a
dozen around here.
Yeah, but the way that
Lerner describes it,
it sounded like it was
something pretty heated.
Well, the neighbor's
a bit of a hothead,
but, um, I'm telling you,
it is not a motive for murder.
Shouldn't we at least
talk to this guy?
Okay, look, it's
not just any guy.
It's Vincent Cardano.
Vinnie "The Scar" of the
Cardano crime family?
That would explain the "Godfather"
style of the boat shooting.
I'm friends with his cousin Sal.
He's been trying to get
us together for years.
And what better time
than the present?
We could bring him over and ask
him what he did last night.
Whoa. Okay. No.
I am not going at
Cardano without proof.
Look, I gotta run.
I gotta go reroute traffic
for the Bridgehamptons
Polo Semifinals.
But remember...
we'll finish this later.
I call the shots.
No contacting Vinnie The Scar.
I'm glad we could finally
get together, Ricky. Salud.
I'm sure that Sal told you
I'm a big fan of your work.
- So to new friends.
- Yes.
- Hear, hear.
- Cheers.
Ah, sweetie.
This meat sauce is to die for.
Thank you, Vinnie.
Actually, it is excellent.
I didn't know you could cook.
You should pay a little
more attention, Castle.
Ooh, see, that's the difference
between Castle and me.
You've had my complete attention
since I've been
here, sweetheart.
Whoa, whoa. Watch it, Vinnie.
Don't make me have to do to you
what someone did your neighbor.
Oh, you heard about that, huh?
Heard about it?
The guy ended up in my pool.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I gotta admit,
I'm not gonna shed any
tears over that guy.
Oh, so you knew him, huh?
Ah, the guy was a real bastard.
Uh, he builds a helicopter
pad in his yard
not 50 feet from my house.
Every Tuesday around midnight,
he buzzes right past my bedroom.
The balls on that guy.
Yeah, so...so I complain,
but the town council,
they approve it anyway.
I know for a fact that
guy greased palms.
Oh-ho, I wanted to kill him.
I bet.
So where were you when
you found out about it?
I don't know. What's it matter?
Well, it's just, a guy you
wanted killed ends up killed?
How often does that happen?
I don't know.
What are you saying, Castle?
Hmm?
You think I killed the guy?
Well, n-no. Vinnie, no.
We're just talking here.
No, sit down.
Have some more wine.
No, we're finished here.
And frankly, I am
offended that you think
I would do such a
bush-league hit.
If I had whacked that guy,
nobody'd ever find the body.
Don't make me wanna
do a demonstration.
He makes a valid point.
Dead bodies, meth heads,
and mobsters.
Is that what you mean
by a romantic weekend?
May I remind you
that it was murder
that brought us together
in the first place?
Oh.
Hello.
What did I tell you, Castle?
I was crystal clear.
I said no contacting Cardano!
What? Oh, that was
just a friendly meal.
Actually, we have
some linguine left
if you'd like to come over.
You accused him of murder!
And now he thinks I
put you up to it.
On the bright side, we can
rule him out as a suspect.
He was never a suspect
in the first place.
Bottom line is,
the killer's still out there.
No. No, no, no. The bottom line is
that after what you just pulled,
I will find him myself,
without any more of your help.
Look, Chief...
And if I catch you guys anywhere
near this case again, I swear...
I will out the two of you.
So I guess it's a
"No" on the linguine.
No. He, uh...
said he already ate.
- Shall we?
- Oh.
Hey. So I took a closer look
at Randall Franklin's
real estate investments.
The guy was buying up
distressed properties
in dying neighborhoods and
turning 'em into condos.
Sounds like smart investments.
Yeah, but he wasn't
renovating 'em.
He wasn't leasing
'em out, nothing.
So he was carrying the mortgage,
but the buildings weren't
throwing off any income?
And his wife said that
the real estate investments
were keeping them flush.
It doesn't add up.
You're right.
Has to be something going
on in those buildings.
Only one way to find out.
Ugh. Franklin definitely
didn't put any money into
renovating this dump.
Place is deserted.
He's definitely not
making any money here.
- Yeah, so where's it coming from?
- I don't know.
Oh.
Really?
You're checking your
text messages right now?
It's about Beckett, bro.
Ah! She's not with Demming.
Morales in Robbery says that he's
been dating a vice detective...
- for the last four months.
- Shh.
You hear that?
Yeah.
I don't like this, bro.
No, me neither.
No way we're knocking
on that door.
Okay. Well, the
building owner's dead,
and the wife is down with
us investigating, so...
NYPD!
Up against the wall right now!
Move!
Move! Move! Move!
Move it! Move it! Move it!
Ah.
Looks like Franklin found a way
to monetize his
investment after all...
making crank.
Yeah.
This is definitely a meth lab.
So Franklin was a
meth kingpin, huh?
Turns out, all of his properties
housed meth labs,
which makes sense
for someone who...
used to cook the books.
That's why he was killed.
It's a dangerous business.
Mm.
Well, it's all about
New York now.
- The boys can take it from here...
- Yeah.
And we can pick up right
where we left off
before this whole
thing came to us.
Yeah, but...
why did it come to us?
Uh... the universe has a
sense of humor, I suppose.
No, no, I mean, if
this is about meth,
then why wasn't he
killed in New York?
Maybe the killer
likes the beach.
No, I think there's gotta
be more to it, Castle.
I mean, they knew
about Lerner's boat.
You know what?
I'm sure the boys will figure it out.
And that requires an intimate
knowledge about Franklin's life.
That's local knowledge.
Right, right, right.
Well, maybe the killer
just did his homework.
Yeah, but why would they
go to all of that trouble?
I mean, if he was a
kingpin in New York City,
why would they
kill him out here?
Um...
unless part of the drug
business was out here.
That explains the helicopter.
He needed the helicopter to
transfer the drugs out here.
And why he slept with
Natalia and greased palms.
He needed approval
to get the helipad.
Yes, much less risky to move
your product in a helicopter
rather than boat or car.
No cop is gonna pull you over.
You know, Chief Brady said
that the drug problem
has doubled over the
past six months.
Exactly when Franklin started
using his helicopter.
I'm sorry, Castle.
But I think you should probably...
Call Ryan and Esposito.
Yeah.
Looks like Castle was right.
His helicopter's
flight plans coincide
with when the shipments
left the meth labs.
Huh.
They also coincide with
the late-night landings
that his neighbor was
complaining about.
So now we know how Franklin
was moving his product.
But it still doesn't
tell us who killed him.
Well, maybe it does, but
where are you going?
To meet an FBI buddy of mine
to see if Beckett's back
with her old flame Sorenson.
Why?
The flight manifest
for Tuesday...
it includes a guest.
Someone else was with him.
All right, I'm on Sorenson.
You go get helicopter boy.
So I got a ride on
Franklin's helicopter.
So what?
That doesn't prove my client was
trafficking drugs with him.
True. These do.
Signed affidavits from
the meth lab workers
that you picked up product
every Tuesday, Lerner.
You went from making
bank to making crank.
I didn't kill Franklin.
A-and Chief Brady already
confirmed my alibi
in the Hamptons.
Well, maybe you hired
someone to kill him.
See, I think you never got over
your grudge against Franklin.
I think that you
partnered with him,
but you always planned
to knock him off
and take over the business.
Am I getting close?
Yeah, yeah, you're close, but
you just got the wrong guy.
What do you mean?
Just last week, Franklin was
complaining about a local.
A local drug dealer?
Yes. Seems he didn't appreciate
us moving in on his business.
Who? Give me a name.
I don't know a name,
but Franklin seemed
really spooked.
What else did he
tell you about him?
That's all I know.
Everything else I told to Brady
and his two consultants.
Two consultants?
Yeah, yeah, the writer
Castle and his girlfriend.
Girlfriend?
Wh-wh-what do you mean, girlfriend?
What does that matter?
Hey! Hey!
I'll ask the questions here, pal.
Are you telling me
that Richard Castle
brought his girlfriend
in your interrogation?
Yeah.
What was her name?
I don't remember.
Well, then describe her.
Describe her, Lerner! Now!
Okay! Tall, uh, uh,
medium length hair.
What's this about?
What color?
G-give me a hair color.
Uh, uh, brown.
Brown. Brown eyes, too, I think.
Really pretty.
Body type?
Awesome. I mean, awesome.
She was, like, thin,
gorge... she was hot.
She was really hot.
Kate!
Name was Kate!
Son of a...
You were right, Castle.
Franklin was using
his helicopter
to move meth to the Hamptons.
Looks like you blew
this case wide open.
Guess you can get back to
your writing now, huh?
Well, there's still the matter
of finding out who
the killer is.
Yeah, well, I think Brady
knows what he has to do.
I already told him to look
for a local drug dealer
who would've been
feeling squeezed
by Franklin's
expanding operation.
Well, that's a great theory.
Nice work.
Oh, thanks, but, uh,
it's not my theory.
Aaron Lerner gave it up
when I interrogated
him this morning.
Aaron Lerner? Aar...uh...
So you interrogated
Aaron Lerner, too?
Yeah, he's back in the city.
Turns out he was Franklin's
partner in crime.
Wow. What do you know?
Castle, not good.
I know. Relax.
Relax? How can I relax?
You still there, Castle?
Yeah. Still here.
Uh, what else did
Aaron Lerner say?
Did he say anything else about...
anything else?
Oh, you know, the usual.
"I didn't do it,
you got the wrong guy."
I'm pretty sure he told
me everything he knows.
Everything?
Everything, huh?
That's good.
Yeah.
Good luck with the writing.
Thanks.
Chief Brady. What did I do now?
Nothing.
Uh, I just wanted
to let you know,
I talked to Detective Ryan.
Really? So... what did he say?
Well, he got us on to the
idea of a local drug dealer.
So we talked to McMurray... the
meth addict from the beach...
and he coughed up the name of
the local supplier of meth.
Marty Bentley.
- Oh.
- The marina operator?
Yeah, but that makes sense.
I mean, he would know
Aaron Lerner's schedule
and when he could
take the boat out.
Right.
So we got a warrant to
search his apartment
and found the burner cell
phone that sent the text
summoning Franklin
to the marina.
Hmm. Good.
Well, that's great. Congrats.
Thanks. Hey, I couldn't have
done it without the two of you
and your resources in New York.
Um... I'd be honored if
you came to the arrest.
No.
Well, how can we say no?
Police! Down! Get down!
Police! Police!
So Chief Brady's first
time pulling his gun.
Oh, Castle.
Maybe I should go in there.
You don't have a gun.
Yeah, but that never stops you.
Well, I'm lucky.
We got him.
Oh.
Cabin secured.
Nice one, Chief Brady.
- Thank you, Detective.
- Yeah.
Just like out of one of
your books, huh, Castle?
Yeah. Uh, marina owner
with side meth business
kills competition.
Call it "Hamptons Heat,"
and if I ever write it,
I'll be sure to include a
gutsy Chief Brady character.
That's not mine.
Look, I'm telling you,
I didn't do anything.
You got the wrong guy.
Chief, so far I found
baggies of meth
and an automag III .30 carbine.
Which shoots 30-caliber bullets
just like the ones that we
pulled out of our victim.
That's our murder weapon.
Well, I guess that seals it.
Good...good work, Deputy.
This is ridiculous.
I didn't kill anybody.
You got the wrong guy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. This way.
Watch your step.
Officer, hold on a second there.
What is it, Castle?
This knot.
Both of these knots.
That's a perfect figure
eight with an underhand,
neatly flemished.
Did you tie these, Bentley?
Of course I did. It's my boat.
What about it, Castle?
Well, it's beautiful.
I mean, it's perfect.
That knot could be in a
book of nautical knots.
What does that have
to do with anything?
Everyone agrees that the
killer is the same person
who stole Aaron Lerner's boat.
That person had to tie
the boat to the dock,
but that knot was sloppy.
I even tripped over it.
Whoever tied these figure eights
is an experienced boatman.
Tying knots would be
their second nature.
They'd be incapable of
tying a sloppy knot.
Bentley can't be the killer.
But we found the burner phone
that placed the call to Franklin
in Bentley's apartment.
How do you explain that?
Well, that's easy.
It was planted.
Just like Bentley's boat here
had the meth and the gun,
which I'm sure forensics will show
is the actual murder weapon.
And just who do you
think planted it?
Well, you tell me.
Uh, Chief Brady, who got the
information from McMurray
on Bentley?
Jones. It was Deputy Jones.
Okay, okay, get back!
Everybody stay back!
Take it easy, Jones.
We don't want anybody
to get hurt.
You rich weekenders, you
think you're so smart.
Meantime, you... you
pollute our beaches,
you throw your money around
like you're better than us.
I don't think I'm
better than you.
Oh, shut up.
I didn't care about that.
But then Franklin's city money
wasn't good enough for him.
He had to move in on
my side business.
So I did what I had to do...
Aah! Aah!
Ohh.
Ah!
Got it.
Nice!
There's a "Hamptons Heat"
twist I did not see coming.
Sorry about the whole
"Accusing you of murder"...
still buddies?
Yeah.
So it turns out that Jones
paid McMurray 500 bucks
to point a finger at Bentley.
Wow. $500 to ruin a
man's life, huh?
And not to sound all Scooby,
but he might have gotten away
with it if not for you, Castle.
Well, I'm always
glad to help out
my friends in law enforcement.
Speaking of which,
I would like to make a toast.
Chief Brady,
not everyone could've
handled themselves
the way you did on
the dock today.
You're a good cop.
- Chief Brady.
- Here's to you.
Thank you, Detective Beckett.
Yeah.
And you can rest assured,
your secret is safe with me.
- Oh.
- Thank you.
Yeah, thank you.
I shot the bad guy.
You did.
Yeah, you did.
Nice.
Yeah.
Ohh.
Whew.
I should go.
Oh, of course. Oh, no.
Find a new deputy. I...
Yeah, you do.
It was so great to meet you.
You too.
Yeah.
- Bye.
Let's go.
Please.
Well, the case in the
Hamptons has been solved,
but the case of the
secret boyfriend
remains open.
Turns out Beckett's FBI ex
has been stationed in
Europe for six months.
Huh.
What?
You got anything?
Nah.
No, I was just thinking,
maybe we should drop it.
You know, let Beckett's
private life stay private.
What, you mean give up?
A real detective never
gives up on a case, bro.
You know it's not a
real case, right?
You're gonna tell me
what a real case is?
Uh, last time I checked, it's
when there was a murder.
Oh, there's been a
murder all right.
Your spirit.
- Wow.
- Yeah. Your dignity, too.
Huh. Well, you know what?
Just for that, the
first round's on you.
- Yeah, good luck with that.
- Bruce.
Bruce.
You know what's funny?
My cover was that I was
coming out here to write,
and I actually got
an idea for a book.
Oh. "Hamptons Heat."
So you're serious
about that, huh?
Well, I already have the story.
That's the hardest part.
So do you have an ending yet?
Oh, well,
I had some ideas,
but, uh, I'm open
to suggestions.
How about this?
The weekend hadn't turned out
exactly as Detective
Heat had imagined,
but now nothing...
not even another
murder on the beach
could stop her from getting
exactly what she desired...
most.
Oh, that's good.
Can I get a writer's credit?
- We'll talk.
- Okay.
Sync by YYeTs | Corrections by Alex1969
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org